--- 
layout: post
created: 1135189920
title: The War Truck
---
So we needed a new big truck to transport goods around from the warehouse the the work sites and down in Meulaboh they happened to have one they weren't using because it was too big.  I volunteered to take it but I had to transport it.  I also gave a pickup truck to the Nias project since they needed one.  There was one more vehicle that needed to be transported from Medan to Meulaboh so we decided to do a round robin swap using one driver.  It worked out that I would use my driver since one in Meulaboh fell throught.  To make a longer story only long, it took about 6 days for a 3 day journey with plenty of "extra" police expenses and repairs to the vehicles.  So we got it up here and it turns out it is one of those 10 ton military trucks that my employees have started calling the "truck perang" or war truck.<br /><br />So on Monday the driver had the day off since he had just gotten back from the long trip and on Tuesday on the first delivery he got it stuck up to the axel which for a truck that size was quite an accomplishment.  It was at least 3 feet deep in mud on all four tires.  It took him two days to get it out by digging out all the mud around a tire, putting a jack on a board and jacking it up and filling underneath the tires with rocks and bricks.  After he had done that to all four tires he was able to drive it out backwards.  So much for the new truck.  Now he's afraid to use it anywhere but on the main road.
