--- 
layout: post
created: 1113146400
title: Musing on Glorified Figures
---
With the recent death of the Pope, I've been thinking again on how the different religions glorify a certain figure.  Now, I'm not talking about people glorifying the Pope.  The Pope instead, glorified Mary.  This is because when the Pope was shot in 1981, he appealed to Mary to save him and he said that she did.  After that, she was a very important figure to him.  On his (very beautiful I might add) coffin, there was a cross with an M underneath it which stood for Mary.   While I admire Mary as a person and do not wish to enrage Catholics, I think it is important to have a healthy view of Mary.  I would also like to say that not all Catholics believe this way about Mary.<br /><br />Why is it that Catholics esteem Mary so much?  In the Bible, she is mentioned in several different places in the New Testament.  I'll deal with them here.<br /><br />The first was the birth and early life of Jesus found in Matthew 1-2 and Luke 1-2.  The most interesting part of this is Luke 1:28-30.<br /><br /><blockquote>The angel went to her and said, “Greetings, you who are highly favored! The Lord is with you.”<br /><br />   Mary was greatly troubled at his words and wondered what kind of greeting this might be. But the angel said to her, “Do not be afraid, Mary, you have found favor with God. </blockquote><br /><br />It is noteworthy that the angel tells her that she is "highly favored" and has "found favor with God."  This appears pretty common throughout the scripture that when God bestows a special blessing or an important instruction on them, he blesses them.<br /><br />Luke 1:42-44<br /><br /><blockquote>In a loud voice she exclaimed: “Blessed are you among women, and blessed is the child you will bear! But why am I so favored, that the mother of my Lord should come to me? As soon as the sound of your greeting reached my ears, the baby in my womb leaped for joy.  Blessed is she who has believed that what the Lord has said to her will be accomplished!”</blockquote><br /><br />Here again she is blessed much like many of the people in the old testament were.  An example is Abram in Genesis 12 where God calls him to leave and then blesses him.<br /><br />She is also mentioned in Mark 3:31 and Luke 8:19 but this is not a very good one for people who think Mary is overly special.  She and Jesus's brothers are trying to talk to him but can't get through the crowd.  Someone recognizes him and tells them they are there.  His reply is that those who hear God's word and practice it are his mother and brothers.  Think about this one for a minute.  My mom would be pretty angry if I said something like this with people around.  Basically what he is saying is that those who follow God's word are more important than his mother and brothers.<br /><br />She is also mentioned as watching the crucifiction of Jesus in all four gospels (Matthew 27:56-61, Mark 15:40-47, Luke 24:10, John 19:25).  She is also mentioned taking part in the discovery of the empty tomb on Easter Sunday (Matthew 28:1, Mark 16:1).  It is interesting to note though, that in both places she is described as an observer and did not take place in anything important besides being there.<br /><br />Finally, the most striking place she is mentioned is in Luke 11:27-28.<br /><br /><blockquote>As Jesus was saying these things, a woman in the crowd called out, “Blessed is the mother who gave you birth and nursed you.”<br /><br />He replied, “Blessed rather are those who hear the word of God and obey it.” </blockquote><br /><br />This clearly says to me that Jesus was saying, don't obsess about my mother.  She isn't what is truly important.  The word of God and obeying it is what is important.<br /><br />Nowhere in the bible does it say anything about immaculate conception.  I don't see why God would even need to do this.  If he can have Mary born without sin from two human parents, can't he do it even more for his own son?  Again, there is no evidence in the bible for it and there is no need for it.<br /><br />Also, there is nothing in the bible that says Mary can intercede for us or has special powers in heaven.  In fact, she is only blessed as many others before her were blessed.  <br /><br />Again let me say, I don't think badly of Mary but I don't think she was the immaculately conceived, interceding in heaven, on the level with Jesus person many think she is.<br /><br />If you think I am wrong about something here, please write a comment about it.  I am not set in stone about this but I am more likely to be swayed by scripture than doctrine.
