--- 
layout: post
created: 1109076900
title: Aceh trip update
---
Couple of real quick updates.  We have gotten the team together.  It will consist of 9 students and 6 adults.<br /><br />First of all we have founded a new group called the Bandung International Student Association or BISA for short.  Bisa is the Indonesian word for the verb "can" as in, we can.  This organization is the one we will go and represent in Aceh and connect with a school up there.  We will basically be adopting the school and helping them rebuild.  The goal is to have students from both of the International schools in Bandung to help with this effort.<br /><br />Here are some stats on the high school.<br /><br />Before the Tsunami:<br />1100 students<br />60 Teachers and employees<br />34 Class rooms<br />4 Office lots<br />3 Laboratories (Physics, Biology and Chemistry)<br />1 Library<br /><br />In the Tsunami:<br />200 students were killed<br />700 students lost everything<br />50+ students were orphaned (both parents killed)<br />20 teachers were killed<br />22 classrooms were completely destroyed<br />12 classrooms are in very poor condition<br />All the offices were destroyed<br />All the labs and library were destroyed<br /><br />Our goal on this trip is to try and get the schools in a place where they can start.  School uniforms are extremely important to students and they are to shy to go without them because they will be made fun of.  We will be bringing 700 uniforms and 700 school starter packs with pencils, pens, notebooks, erasers and rulers for these students. We will also be working on cleaning up the school and trying to return the 12 remaining classrooms to a useful state.  We will also be bringing some white boards, sports equipment and other helpful stuff.<br /><br />During the second phase, probably this summer, we will hopefully be bringing up curriculum books, computers, library resources and other big items to get them back to running.  This is going to be a huge effort but hopefully it will be extremely successful and cement a relationship between us and them.<br /><br />Another team, consisting mostly of students that are interested in nursing, will be getting some training from the <a href="http://www.who.int/en/">World Health Organization</a> and be flown around in helicopters to administer vaccines.  <br /><br />Please be praying for us as we have tons of preparation still to go.
