--- 
layout: post
created: 1132241820
title: Top Ten Web Writing Annoyances
---
While in IM conversations or reading posts on the web, there are certain things that annoy me.  Granted I'm not a perfect speller nor do I always have perfect grammar but at least I try.<br /><br />My top ten list of web writing annoyances:<br /><br />1. WRITING EVERYTHING IN UPPERCASE.  LETS YELL EVERYTHING!<br />2. writing everything in lowercase.  its just to hard to hit the shift key every once in a while.<br />3. not using punctuation ever even at the end of sentences where it should be doesnt that bother you<br />4. Having way!!! too much punctuation... or... to much... punctuation!!! Yeah!!!!!<br />5. Confusing "there" "their" and "they're."  Come on people, it isn't that hard.  "There" is a place.  If you can replace it in a sentence with "they are" then use "they're."  If it is talking about who owns something(possessive), use "their."  I'm tired of reading messages that mean something like, "I'm going over to they are house."  It's "their" house for goodness sake.<br />6. Shortcuts like 2 for "to, "u for "you" and b4 for "before."  It may be faster to type like this but it takes me three times longer to figure out what is being said.  Not to mention whatever is being said doesn't sound very intelligent.<br />7. Overusing smilies :)  Now I admit that I use smilies every once in a while ;-) but  using it too much :) results in making it meaningless. :-D (But I never use them to close out parenthesis :)<br />8. ROTFL.  If someone is rolling on the floor laughing, how can they type ROTFL?<br />9. Ch4ng1ng num3rs f0r v0w3ls. Why 1s th1s c00l? 1ts d3f1n1t3ly n0t l33t.<br />10. Replying to e-mails AFTER the quoted text, forcing the reader to read through the entire quoted text before getting to the response.<br /><br />Have any writing annoyances?  Feel free to share them in the comments.
