--- 
layout: post
created: 1152383580
title: Strange Phone Calls
---
Having a cell phone means you get calls all the time.  That is if anyone is calling you.  I've had some pretty strange ones in Indonesia.  I think things are a little different here.  I had a call the other day that went like this:<br /><br />(ringing)<br />Me: Hello?<br />Other: Hello?<br />Me: Hello?<br />Other: Hello?<br />Me: Who is this?<br />Other: Abdul, who is this?<br />Me: Randall, what do you want?<br />Other: What do you want?<br />Me: You called me<br />Other: No you called me<br />Me: I didn't call you<br />Other: Yes, you called me<br />Me: Who is this?<br />Other: Abdul, what do you want<br />Me: Who do you want to talk to<br />Other: You called me<br />Me: No I didn't<br />Other: Yes you did<br />Me: Whatever <br />(click)<br /><br />I get other ones along the lines of this:<br /><br />(ringing)<br />Me: Hello?<br />Other: Is Rita there?<br />Me: Who?<br />Other: Rita<br />Me: You have the wrong number<br />Other: No I don't, is Rita there?<br />Me: I'm pretty sure you don't.  This is my phone and I don't know any Ritas<br />Other: ...<br />Me: Hello?<br />Other: Is Rita there?<br />Me: No, I don't know any Ritas<br />Other: Well this is her number<br />Me: No it isn't.  This is my phone<br />Other: Okay<br />(click)<br />(immediately ringing again)<br />Me: Hello?<br />Other: Is Rita there?<br />Me: This is still the wrong number<br />Other: I'm sure this is her number<br />Me: Well, I'm sure it isn't<br />Other: Is she there?<br />Me: Not where I am<br />Other: Do you know where she is?<br />Me: I don't know her.  Goodbye<br />(click)<br />(immediately ringing again)<br />Me: This is still not Rita's number.  Please stop calling.<br />Other: Randall?  Who is Rita?<br />Me: Oh, sorry Stephen.<br /><br />Then the most common call I get is this.  I think it has to do with the way phone calls are answered.<br /><br />(ringing)<br />Me: Hello?<br />Other: Hello?<br />Me: Hello?<br />Other: Hello?<br />Me: Hello?<br />Other: Hello?<br />Me: Who is this?<br />Other: Who is this?<br />Me: Hello?<br />Other: Hello?<br />Me: Hello?<br />Other: Who is this?<br />Me: Randall, who is this?<br />Other: Hello?<br />Me: Hello?<br />Other: Who is this?<br />Me: Randall, Who is this?<br />(This repeats itself for quite a while)<br />Other: Hello?<br />Me: Hello?<br />Other: Hello?<br />Me: What do you want?<br />Other: Is Dewi there?<br />Me: Sorry, wrong number.<br />Other: Oh, bye<br />(click)<br /><br />I must admit.  I now give people three hellos.  If they haven't identified who they are or what they want, I hang up.  I figure, if it is important, they will call back with a few less "hellos."
