--- 
layout: post
created: 1154010780
title: Last Week
---
The name of this post is a double entendre but since I have to explain it, it probably isn't very good.  First off, its been a week since I last posted so  I'll fill you in on that.  My main activities have been continued support of the new Base Manager while he learns the ropes.  Also I had a rather emotionally charged and contentious several meetings with the village leadership about the project.  We came very near closing down the project but in the last meeting after I informed them that the Country Director was coming tomorrow to speak with the district leader about shutting it down, they caved pretty quickly.  Amazing how that happens.  Anyways, at this point I've turned everything over to my replacement who is doing a great job so I'm just around to answer questions.<br /><br />Secondly, its almost my last week on the job.  I'm very happy to be leaving the project in the state that I am.  It is now running well (after the last meeting).  My plan is to head to Sabang for a week after I'm done for a little vacation then head to Kuala Lumpur to pick up some visas for the trip and them come back to pick up Stephen and start the trip.  Still lots of packing and planning to do but the good news is that Ryanna and Katie are going to be joining us for two weeks!  We just bought the tickets for them to come and they'll be joining us for Laos and Kunming China.  Stephen and I will both be very glad to see them again since we've both been away for a long time.
