--- 
layout: post
created: 1154357640
title: Last Monday
---
Everybody loves Mondays so much, me included.  Today is my last one here at my job before I go.  I've handed over everything to my replacement now so I'm doing a lot of sitting around and waiting.  It is weird leaving yet again a place I have spent a long time in.  Almost my whole life has consisted of moving and leaving.  Let me tell you, it doesn't get any easer.<br /><br />I went for a walk Sunday around some of the paths I jogged before I got tendinitis and saw many familiar things.  There was the first house I lived in when I came to Banda Aceh, the restaurants I always used to eat at and the same people sitting out on their porch where they always are.  I'm going to miss Banda Aceh even though I'm excited to be leaving.  I've had a great run here and am very glad for the way things have turned out.<br /><br />My plans moving forward are to finish out this week then Monday morning I'm going to Sabang which is a beautiful island 45 minutes from Banda Aceh with some of the best diving in the world.  I haven't been in over a year when I've lived so close to it.  I'll be there for a week, after which I'm heading to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.  I'll be there two weeks to get visas for Stephen and me.  I decided to get a ticket to go to Bandung since they were on sale for $25 (plus $25 in taxes and fees) but still not a bad deal from Kuala Lumpur all the way to Bandung.  So I'll be heading there for about a week before I meet up with Stephen and begin the trip.<br /><br />I've still got lots of packing to do but everything is coming together.
