--- 
layout: post
created: 1155401220
title: Finding Nemo
---
I had a great time in Sabang this last week.  I spent it sleeping in a hammock, snorkeling and scuba diving.  The coral in Sabang was largely damaged by the tsunami but has started growing back and is still good in the deeper areas.  The fish there are phenomenal.  To start with, I saw Dory (Regal Blue Tang) everywhere.  I tried to say hi bush she kept acting like she didn't recognize me.  I also saw Gill (Moorish Idol) quite often with plenty of Bubbles (Yellow Tang) around as well.  I even saw huge schools of Moonfish although they didn't make any funny shapes for me.  They just looked like, well, a school of Moonfish.  Once I even caught a glimpse of Jacques, the cleaner shrimp. On my last full day there I went out for my last dive still looking for Nemo, Bloat and Crush.  As I was descending along the decline to the dive depth, I passed over some very familiar anemone.  I went in for a closer look and there they were!  Clown fish!  There was even three of them.  Two larger and one smaller.  I had found Nemo.  I had seen plenty of puffer fish but not exactly a porcupine fish until the morning before I left.  I saw a perfect huge one! He was a little shy though.  I never did find Crush (Sea Turtle) even though the island I was on is famous for having them around.  I asked and they told me I would be lucky if I saw one.  Lucky I was not.  <br /><br />Anyways, besides the fish from Finding Nemo, I saw a black tipped reef shark, gigantic mooray eel,  blue spotted rays and tons of cleaner wrasse.  Of course, not to mention all the millions of other colored and shaped fishes.  Very nice week at the beach.
