--- 
layout: post
created: 1175971560
title: An Inconvenient Weather for an Inconvenient Theory
---
In light of the ongoing Global Warming debate, the weather this winter has been very interesting.  I can't attest to the global climate but here in Dallas it has been a rather cold winter.  In fact, we got snow about three times and got below freezing and stayed cold temperatures much more than usual.  In fact, this Easter weekend we are on track to set record lows. <br /><br />I guess the part that confuses me most is the supposed "proof" that is being talked about.  When the temperature goes up, a case could be made but when the weather goes down, they say that erratic weather is also caused by global warming.  So no matter what happens to the weather, it is proof of global warming.  Sounds fishy to me.<br /><br />In fact, when I started getting skeptical about  global warming was in 9th grade when I saw in English class on the cover of Time Magazine that "Sever Winter Storms (in New York) Proof of Global Warming".  I stopped and thought, so because it is so cold, it proves the earth is warming.  Something isn't quite right about it.<br /><br />There are some real alarmists out there but the facts of the matter are that we only have really accurate weather information for the last 125 years or so.  There have been periods in recent history when the earth has been warmer, and cooler than it is now and that was not related to human activity.  Whether the world is actually warming or not is an interesting question and can been proven with simple graphs of global temperatures.  Whether or not it will continue to rise and if it it caused by humans is extremely difficult, if not impossible to predict or know.<br /><br />Bottom line is that I don't want this theory to inconvenience me until it is actually provable.  Until then, it should be kept in the "theory" department.  Oh, and just because some scientists get the backing of the UN doesn't mean that it is proven, just that a lot of people who would benefit from the proposed "fixes" think it would be a great idea.
