--- 
layout: post
created: 1173211380
---
March 6 (Reuters) - Two strong earthquakes killed at least 70 people and injured dozens on Indonesia's Sumatra island on Tuesday. Following is a list of some of the other disasters to hit Indonesia since the Asian tsunami of 2004: Dec 26, 2004 - Nearly 132,000 Indonesians are killed and more than 37,000 listed as missing after a 9.15 magnitude earthquake off Indonesia and a tsunami triggered by it in the Indian ocean region. The toll in affected Indian Ocean countries reaches 230,000 dead. Feb 21, 2005 - At least 96 are killed in landslide that sweeps through two West Java villages near a garbage dump. March 28, 2005 - Nearly 1,000 are believed killed after a quake of magnitude 8.7 hits the coast of Sumatra. July 20, 2005 - Indonesia confirms first deaths from bird flu. To date the disease has killed 63 people in Indonesia, the world's highest bird flu death toll. Sept 1, 2005 - Landslide on island of Sumatra kills 14 and leaves more than a dozen missing. Sept 5, 2005 - Domestic airliner operated by local carrier Mandala Airlines crashes in residential area of Indonesia's third biggest city Medan, killing 102 aboard and 47 local residents in an inferno on the ground. May 15, 2006 - Mount Merapi volcano erupts with clouds of hot gas and rains ash on surrounding areas. May 27, 2006 - Earthquake rocks area around ancient royal city of Yogyakarta killing at least 5,000 and destroying or damaging 150,000 homes. July 17, 2006 - A tsunami after a 7.7 magnitude quake in West Java province kills at least 550 people. At least 54,000 people are displaced. Dec 30, 2006 - A ferry with at least 600 aboard sinks during a stormy night voyage as it travelled between Borneo and Java. Jan 1, 2007 - An Adam Air passenger plane flying from Surabaya to Manado with 102 people aboard crashes into the sea off the west coast of Sulawesi. Feb 22, 2007 - At least 42 people are killed when fire breaks out aboard a ferry which was heading from Jakarta to Bangka island off Sumatra. March 6, 2007 - Two strong earthquakes kill at least 31 people and injure dozens in the West Sumatra provincial capital of Padang. Source: Reuters;
